UI: Fix MFA + SSO login workflow (#28873)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/28873.txt

```release-note:bug
ui: Fixes login to web UI when MFA is enabled for OIDC (i.e. azure, auth0) and Okta auth methods
```
```release-note:bug

> ui (enterprise): Fixes login to web UI when MFA is enabled fr SAML methods

Reviewer: is "fr" supposed to be "for"?

Author: Good catch!

> ui (enterprise): Fixes login to web UI when MFA is enabled fr SAML methods

Author: ```suggestion
ui (enterprise): Fixes login to web UI when MFA is enabled for SAML auth methods
```
